
# Tutorials
1. Delivering a talk on ANALYZING SOFTWARE SYSTEMS THROUGH SOCIAL NETWORK ANALYSIS in the 15th Innovations in Software Engineering Conference ISEC 2022 24 - 26 February, DA-IICT Gandhinagar, India.
2. Delivered an Invited talk on, **Next Generation Middleware** , in the *International Workshop on  Distributed Computing (WDC-2001)* organized by Gujrath University, Ahmedabad from 19th to 21 December 2001. 
3. Accepted a Tutorial on **Distributed Object Computing using Java/ORB** in the*International Conference on Parallel System and Distributed Symposium (IPDPS 2001)* which was held  in Sanfrancisco, USA,from 23 April 2001 to 27th April 2001.
4. Conducted a tutorial on, **Next Generation Middleware**, in the *3rd International Conference on Information Technology (CIT-2000)* which was held from 20 December 2000 to 22 December 2000 at KIIT Bhuvneshvar, India
5. Conducted a tutorial on,**CORBA: As a Cluster Middleware**, in the *2nd International conference on Cluster Computing(Cluster-2000)* organized by  IEEE TFCC at Universitat of Techninische, Chemnitz, Saxony,Germany from 25th Nov. 2000 to 1 Dec. 2000 
6. Delivered an Invited Talk on **Distributed Object Computing using CORBA**, in \textbf{National Seminar on Information Technology-Current Trends-2000 (IT-CT2000)} on 23/01/2000 organized by University of Amaravati, Amaravati. 
7. Conducted a tutorial on, **Distributed Object Computing using CORBA**, in the *7th International conference on Advanced Computing (ADCOM-99)* held from 20/12/199 to 22/12/1999 organized by University of Roorkee.
 


# Organizational Activities  
 
1.  Member of Technical Program Committee and Chaired a special session on *Cognitive Learning Analytics”* in the **13th International Conference on “Intelligent Human-Computer Interaction (IHCI-2021)**  held at Kent Ohio, USA.
2.  Member of the Technical Program Committee AFEC 2021 The **2nd IEEE International Workshop on Advances in Fog/Edge Computing (AFEC 2021)** July 19 – July 22, 2021, Athens, Greece.
3.  Member of Technical Program Committee and Chaired a special session on *Cognitive Learning Analytics* in the 12th International Conference on **Intelligent Human-Computer Interaction (IHCI-2020)** to be held from 24th to 26th Nov. 2020 EXCO-Daegu South Korea.
4.  Member of Technical program committee  AFEC 2020 **The 1st IEEE International Workshop on Advances in Fog/Edge Computing (AFEC 2020)** August 3 - August 6, 2020, Honolulu, Hawaii, USA
5.  Organized One Week Short-Term Training Program  on **Software Architecture** which  was held from 22nd Sept 2016 to 27th Sept 2016. The programmer was sponsored by TEQIP(II). 
6.  Worked as a  Organizing Chair for **5th National Conference on Object Oriented Technology(NCOOT-2003)** held at Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University, Lonere from 8th August 2003 to 9th August 2003 
7.  Worked as a Member of the organizing committee for the Annual Convention of ISTE Maharashtra-Goa Section hosted by the Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University, Lonere.
8.  Organized Two Weeks Short Term Training Program  on **Introduction to Software Architecture**  which  was held from 23rd June 2003 to 7th July 2003. The programmer was sponsored by All India Council for Technical Education. 
9.  Organized Two Weeks Short Term Training Program  on  **Distributed Object Computing using Java/CORBA** which  was held from 4th February 2002 to 16th February 2002. The programmer was sponsored by All India Council for Technical Education. 
10.  Organized Two Weeks Short Term Training Program  on **Embedded System Design** which  was held from 24th November 2003 to 5th December 2003. The 
programmer was sponsored by All India Council for Technical Education.
